add roberts and I'm going to apply this
lock at the beginning of the video because I
I keep asking a lot of people to
Although I have already said it in several
videos I can not support this
content if I could I gave it but not
I can give this only for those who
have the team introduce you and play 3 no
original I do not know if it can be started
but I will say where to find it by
if you want to search for this content
ask about this if you are looking in google
tele 60 full equipment will leave a forum os
register and there you can ask everything
what do you want about this or this kind of
content I suppose they will help you
also say that tonight there will be
uploaded a video of call of duty versus
bots with dragon ball music that has
it was pretty nice the music that you
I put it so if I wanted to enjoy
shots and pretty and sexually sexy music
Well tonight I have a call video
of duty that the truth that I have left
funny the truth and let's play with
the lame frog you will ask why he
He's carrying the frog, I do not know why but he
it is nice that catches frog
funny friend I'm in plan saying
I have a hug I'm going to catch this
frog that already knows that the frog was in
love and was chinchu when I change the
body with the frog I'm obviously going to
catch hero because there is more
in a lot of comments that you use to
the frogs versus hiru because I have left
pretty funny or that is what all
we wait to see how to see if
works well I hope that if it is not so
useless in other characters than this one
have a holy uncle this is the or what
happens is that he is judged and can not
use them and it's funny can
use it in the next one if you want
we use look that I think you can
look pretty nice looking
how does he speak as he touches a map
small because these characters are
little ones and they are going to play a map
small as a certain fifth
fifth removed he said
a very funny stop I have a video with
a little here in case you want to look for it
in my channel because the truth that has
been quite funny when you
grabé grabs me gracious by the way
the skills that I have is kamehameha
Shock of a meteor big band came to a load
maximum and then I have the supernova that is
the definitive freezer attack on
first shape and super sealing and it goes
transforming into his person with this
character
here
and thanks to a super dreaming of the frog
more diarrhea can not be of course
proceeding for ten
of man would have been funny
abertis bancada since I never
used by the way
your father
of tranquility I do not have a mess
virus that had a beating some action
as funny
my mother but what a beautiful frog
obviously the next battle we are going
to use there what can I
use meteor shock with charge a
little but a beating to copper if
let's form a super two be another
time though you're in the shock of
meteors and beating where I've seen a
frog that transform their staff into
my window of which obviously
any sayan freezer whatever
person who had the branches of
super information obviously sounding
loses because I would be so afraid because
it says it's not possible I have an income you
they put their pressing well is the
supernova but what the fuck was
my mother but the frog catches cattle
you will say do not tell me look how pretty is the
frog I shit on everything as it is with a
leg more thanks to me with everything and now
will use there because I know that also
is waiting for you to use and not
obviously I never loved me for 10
because it's going to be very sexually is
excessive nor all Spanish here is and
let's fight versus the frog not because
the frog and way used there already played
fight for your blows your staff from to
god level will tell uruguay with his person
God level evidently that you think
win of course yes
and they are forming a personal
of level 2 and pressure a robot like that
is transforming a super large level
all because spin is really a sai already
they are a lie I know but you believe it
and me too so let's play look
the frog I say the frog
my mother
look how buy mother of mine is still
that people with everything that by far
I sense that you are suicidal
it gives you a beating what I'm not going to
use
but if you do not have definitive eyes
character
it does not put a little
rafa is not that the character as not
has let's say dodge and child skill
nothing
with everything out and your level 2 staff
and supernova obviously to the site not
I think this character as if he had
your life at the highest level but not with
improvements so give me my fucking mother my
word for god today usa
but the truth is not
I'm running away so I can load a
little bit and transforming and stick with the
Wall
with you because it takes supernova this is a
most beautiful combo I shit on everything
to the air very well
Leave me now that we have punch in the eye
go away and leave already a little
of course , of course, to win already
everyone is super saiyan now
of the callus that up to red but what happens
here
first and then special if you want
more character this year if they want the
next video that uploads characters
rare that I wanted to record it and the
true we use trek in form
demon we use the last one as as
that brolin good the last of tribes is
his last suit that I think can
be funny or versus goku thanks
the support my channel next number
videos but you liked this video
they made me have enough frog
fuck that is super funny transformed
at level 2 and turn in the callus that in its
level two person cheated that
it's quite scary the truth but
funny is also true thanks
that support my videos but have
liked the truth is that it has
seemed funny this link play in the
next video and thanks those that
you want a punch to the law because I am
very good people and is an animal you serve
there was more content
the next video the safest putin
it is called of my great dream that I have son
already migrate the two emigrants
of the devil and the normal trip currito
my mother to see people alive goku